### 6. Answer the following questions clearly:

1.  What is the difference between getElementById, getElementsByClassName, and querySelector / querySelectorAll?

    Ans:
    GetElementById : GetElementById to get a specific element with a specific id.

    GetElementsByClassName : getElementByClass, we can get multiple classes at a time and get elements. It's like array but not this.
    QuerySelector : Using QuerySelector to get the first element of a css selector.
    QuerySelectorAll : Using QuerySelectorAll we can get all the elements at once.

2.  How do you create and insert a new element into the DOM?

    Ans:
    const newCallHistory = document.createElement("div");

    newCallHistory.innerHTML = `
     <div class="flex justify-between items-center p-8 bg-[#FAFAFA] rounded-xl">
     <div>
     <h4 class="font-normal">${cardTitle}</h4>
     <p class="">${cardTitleNumber}</p>
     </div>
     <div>
     <h5>${cardTitleDate}</h5>
     </div>

                  </div>
                  `;

3.  What is Event Bubbling and how does it work?

    Ans:
    The event that is generated by the event bubble starts from the target element and goes down to the predecessors.
    const cardTitle =
    callButton.parentNode.parentNode.childNodes[5].childNodes[1].innerText;

4.  What is Event Delegation in JavaScript? Why is it useful?

    Ans:
    Using event listeners on parent elements to handle events on child elements through bubbling.
    It's useful for performance, dynamic content, and cleaner code.

5.  What is the difference between preventDefault() and stopPropagation() methods?
    Ans:

    preventDefault() method it can use page are not reloaded.

    stopPropagation()method stops the event form bubbling.
